---
- ID: 71006983
  Name: Cahrje Uroitulero
- Contact: 
  - 
    - Email_addresses
    - 
      - cahrje.uroitulero@gmail.com
- Email 56132522: 
  - 
    Author: Cictiledgis
  - 
    Written: "May 13, 2011 12:55"
  - 
    About: Cahrje Uroitulero
  - 
    Subject: "Re: Meeting"
  - 
    Body: |+
      Hi Cahrje-
      
      Thanks for your email and all of these ideas. It wouldn't have been easy for
      you to probe with us launching so many questions at you- apologies! But
      these are some useful considerations.
      
      Our tool most definitely falls into the 'strategic' rather than
      'operational' camp. Regarding the sales channel, we definitely have to
      control the service experience and brand. The one challenge is that it seems
      that in many countries the financial services industry is a little closed
      and insular, so we need 'door openers'- but I suppose these would be
      consultants who could get a commission for any sales they end up
      facilitating (something we heard from another contact was 10% of first
      year's sale is a good incentive- would you agree? What type of incentive is
      appropriate for the 'door openers' who make the sale possible with
      introductions and maybe endorsements, but who don't do the work of
      completing the sale and doing the implementation?).
      
      Regarding the country choice, this is a useful typology of considerations.
      The tool can be localized (left to right languages are no problem) but each
      country does have some potential regulatory issues that we need to check on
      during our initial due diligence. And we do take on the business risk of our
      partners- the tool could work well, but they could blow the pilot testing of
      it from an operational standpoint, or they could focus on a market with
      really high absolute levels of default making our relative risk sorting not
      sufficient for profitability, and that would end up showing us in a negative
      light. So we do have to be selective of our partners, and minimize risk
      through importing our best practices from other banks.
      
      If you have any suggestions on the door opener reward/incentive, that would
      be really valuable, as well as any further ideas (other than your
      recommendation of consulting companies doing strategic work in the banking
      industry) on where to find them...
      
      All the best,
      Cictiledgis
      
